initial changes to the Readme (#34)
olivia/via-config: README.md

# VIA Config

## VIA Config Information

> VIA is an offline configurator which uses QMK as the backend. It is the open source alternative to BootMapperClient. 

Reviewer: I would rather not draw a comparison to BootMapperClient, as users may not be aware of it. QMK as the backend is sort of true, but also a little unclear. Perhaps saying something like "VIA is an open source keyboard configurator that can remap compatible QMK keyboards on the fly."?

Reviewer 2: "VIA is an open source keyboard configurator that can remap compatible QMK keyboards without having to reflash the board each time you want to make a change." may be clearer/more to the point.

## VIA Config Features

> The main advantages of VIA over other configurators avalible are the ease of use and the fact that it is an entirely offline application, and keymap changes are instant. There is no need to reflash a keymap to the keyboard, which simplfies the process of programming significantly compared to the more traditional way of editing the keymap on the keyboard. 

Reviewer 3: Typo in "avalible" and "simplfies"
```suggestion
The main advantages of VIA over other configurators available are the ease of use and the fact that it is an entirely offline application, and keymap changes are instant. There is no need to reflash a keymap to the keyboard, which simplifies the process of programming significantly compared to the more traditional way of editing the keymap on the keyboard. 
```

Reviewer: The only other thing I would change would be ".. other configurators available are the ease of use and the fact.." to "...other configurators available are the ease of use, the fact..."
